All right soon the next one we're going to be building a wall or so
you'll see here that we have a a array of strings and what we want to do is we want to build a border
around all of the strings.
And the way that we're going to do this is with concat on shift and push this first Schwall is going
to be all Asterix and then each asterisk on each side of the word.
So we have all the string values completely covered like a wall around it.
So some hints as to how I solved using cat on shift and push.
Let's go and just dive right into it.
All right.
So all of the strings are going to be even in length so define the size of our wall.
All we have to do is is take the first value get the length of it and then add two to it.
So that's where we're going to start.
I'll call this size of wall length of office probably a better length of walk.
And so what's the length of the wall.
And this is going to be of type number we don't have to explicitly say it will implicitly assign it
and we'll say Picture zero dot length plus 2.
Now that we have that we know that and Concat a wall together.
So there's something like four equals zero size less than length of four
plus plus.
And we can go ahead and say a wall is equal to the wall dog and cat.
And then what we want to concat is that asterisk this is going to give us oh we need to Walder we will
hear conc wall that's victory's me a lit wall equal an empty string.
So now we have that we have our wall right right now if we wish for a turn Wall we just can't see they
make this any for the time being because we just want to see the return.
You'll see that when we go ahead and finally turn on Koka that will get a five asterisk wall because
there's 3 here and then we've done that so that that's working.
Relatively well so now we have that what we need to do is think about creating a a wall a starting wall
and an ending wall and the way that we can do that is we can take our picture that we already have and
we can modify it and we can use remember because our picture is nothing but this array right now.
And so we can say Picture dot shift and it's going to shoot the wall to the front and then we see a
picture dot.
Push
and you're going to put push the Wasil Now when we actually instead of returning a or turn picture and
we can see what we're getting back is the wall then letters than the wall.
So all we have to do now is make sure that we can catch the wall with the values there.
And and then we're good to go.
So how do we do that.
Well it's pretty straightforward.
What we need to do is just create a for loop that does it for us.
So we have a for loop here and that includes that.
And we don't need this give us a little bit more room.
And so say let go zero is less than what actually is going to be equal to 1.
And I will be less than the picture length minus one because we already changed the zero index so we've
already changed the last index which is where we shifted and pushed the wall here.
Now that we've done that all we're going to do is say picture I the current index value that we're iterating
on.
We want to take an asterisk and we want to concat on that point.
The current value of picture.
So that's going to put an asterisk in front of it and Concat will let us take in multiple values in
order.
And then this will concat value at the end of it and you'll see here now we've essentially built our
wall.
Now how might we maybe make this code a little bit more efficient.
One way I believe there's a string repeat I could be I could be mistaken and see if I if I if I am doing
this right.
So we do star repeat and then we just repeat it for the length of the law.
I didn't originally do this but it's always good to it's always good to maybe simplify your code so
we can do this.
So let's go ahead and just clean up our gut.
How do we do this sort of length of wall.
Let's just change this to Wall and we'll do something like this and we'll eliminate length of wall here.
And wham bam.
And we make that of course and then excuse me this will be we can eliminate this variable as well.
This variable as well.
And nice.
That's a lot cleaner in my opinion than what we had there before.
I saw that as I was doing this we can do better.
So whenever you get a chance refactor your code is very helpful and make it look better if anyone ever
looks at it right.